fix(splash-screen): launchAutoHide not working on iOS (#319)
ionic-team/capacitor-plugins: splash-screen/README.md

## Hiding the Splash Screen

> By default, the Splash Screen is set to automatically hide after a certain amount of time (500 ms).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the Splash Screen is set to automatically hide after 500 ms.
```

> If you want to be sure the splash never hides before the app is fully loaded, set `launchAutoHide` to `false`. You should hide the splash screen when your app is ready to be used by calling `hide()` as soon as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to be sure the splash screen never disappears before your app is ready, set `launchAutoHide` to `false`; the splash screen will then stay visible until manually hidden. For the best user experience, your app should call `hide()` as soon as possible.
```

> If your you want to show the splash for a fixed amount of time, configure the default duration by setting `launchShowDuration` in your [Capacitor configuration file](https://capacitorjs.com/docs/config).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If, instead, you want to show the splash screen for a fixed amount of time, set `launchShowDuration` in your [Capacitor configuration file](https://capacitorjs.com/docs/config).
```
